Changed Topology view to Graph view as text wherever required. (#29290)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-viewing-application-topology.adoc

[id="odc-viewing-application-topology_{context}"]
= Viewing the topology of your application

> You can navigate to the *Topology* view using the left navigation panel in the *Developer* perspective. After you create an application, you are directed automatically to the *Graph view* where you can see the status of the application pods, quickly access the application on a public URL, access the source code to modify it, and see the status of your last build. You can zoom in and out to see more details for a particular application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can navigate to the *Topology* page using the left navigation panel in the *Developer* perspective. After you deploy an application, you are directed automatically to the *Graph view* where you can see the status of the application pods, quickly access the application on a public URL, access the source code to modify it, and see the status of your last build. You can zoom in and out to see more details for a particular application.
```

> The *Topology* view also provides you the option to monitor your applications using the *List* view. Use the *List view* icon (image:odc_list_view_icon.png[title="List view icon"]) to see a list of all your applications and use the *Graph view* icon (image:odc_topology_view_icon.png[title="Topology view icon"]) to switch back to the graph view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Topology* page also provides you the option to monitor your applications using the *List* view. Use the *List view* icon (image:odc_list_view_icon.png[title="List view icon"]) to see a list of all your applications and use the *Graph view* icon (image:odc_topology_view_icon.png[title="Topology view icon"]) to switch back to the graph view.
```
